README.md, before:

# Ansible Meatspace Chat

This is an [Ansible](http://www.ansible.com/) role for
[Meatspace Chat](https://github.com/meatspaces/meatspacechat), the fantastic
web chat with animated .GIF goodness and so much more.

## Requirements

This Meatspace Chat role requires a Debian based Linux host and has been tested to
function on Ubuntu with the following specific software versions:

* Ansible: 1.5.3
* Meatspace Chat: GitHub Master
* Node.js: 0.10.26
* Ubuntu: 13.10, 13.04, 12.10, 12.04

## Role Variables

All variables are specified in `defaults/main.yml` and `vars/main.yml`.

### Defaults

| Name           | Default Value | Description                        |
| -------------- | ------------- | -----------------------------------|
| meatspacechat_domain  | http://127.0.0.1 | URL for Meatspace Chat app |
| meatspacechat_port | 3000 | TCP port for Meatspace Chat app |
| meatspacechat_secret | "" | Meatspace Chat session secret |
| meatspacechat_node_version | 0.10.26 | Preferred Node.js version |
| meatspacechat_node_packages | list | List of Node.js dependency packages to install |
| meatspacechat_os_packages | list | List of OS dependency packages to install |
| meatspacechat_repo | github.com/meatspaces/meatspacechat.git | Meatspace Chat GitHub repository |
| meatspacechat_nvm_repo | github.com/creationix/nvm.git | Node Version Manager Github repository |
| meatspacechat_zeromq_pkg | zeromq-4.0.4 | ØMQ source package URL |

The following Node.js dependency packages are defined in
`meatspacechat_global_node_packages` and installed globally into the Node.js
environment:

* bower
* nodemon

The following OS dependency packages are defined in
`meatspacechat_os_packages` and installed by default:

* build-essential
* curl
* git-core
* libssl-dev
* redis-server
* uuid-dev
* uuid
* zsh

Most of these packages are required with the exception of `curl` and `zsh`.

### Variables

| Name           | Default Value | Description                        |
| -------------- | ------------- | -----------------------------------|
| meatspacechat_admin    | vagrant       | OS user account of Meatspace Chat owner
| meatspacechat_nvm_dir  | /home/{{ meatspacechat_admin }}/nvm | Directory for Node Version Manager (nvm) installation |
| meatspacechat_node_dir | {{ meatspacechat_nvm_dir }}/v{{ meatspacechat_node_version }}/bin | Directory for Node.js installation
| meatspacechat_dir | /home/{{ meatspacechat_admin }}/meatspacechat | The Meatspace Chat root directory

## Configuration

At a minimum, modify the variables defined in the following files as
necessary:

* `defaults/main.yml`
* `vars/main.yml`

Copy `hosts.example` to `hosts` and edit it to update the values for your
Meatspace Chat host. Be sure to change the following values:

* `0.0.0.0`
* `ubuntu`
* `~/.ssh/meatspacechat_id`

## Example Playbook

After configuration a basic Meatspace Chat installation and activation is possible
using the included `site.yml` playbook. You should edit `site.yml` and modify
the `meatspacechat_twitter_key` and `meatspacechat_twitter_secret` variables
passed to the role

```
ansible-playbook -i hosts site.yml
```

## Vagrant

See the README_VAGRANT.md for instructions on using this role with Mac OS X
and Vagrant or just:

```
vagrant up
```

from within the role.

## Dependencies

None

## License

Apache 2

## Author Information

[Brian Shumate](http://brianshumate.com)

Commit message:

creds, site.yml.example, more

README.md, after:

# Ansible Meatspace Chat

This is an [Ansible](http://www.ansible.com/) role for
[Meatspace Chat](https://github.com/meatspaces/meatspacechat), the fantastic
web chat with animated .GIF goodness and so much more.

## Requirements

This Meatspace Chat role requires a Debian based Linux host and has been tested to
function on Ubuntu with the following specific software versions:

* Ansible: 1.5.3
* Meatspace Chat: GitHub Master
* Node.js: 0.10.26
* Ubuntu: 13.10, 13.04, 12.10, 12.04

## Role Variables

All variables are specified in `defaults/main.yml` and `vars/main.yml`.

### Defaults

| Name           | Default Value | Description                        |
| -------------- | ------------- | -----------------------------------|
| meatspacechat_domain  | http://127.0.0.1 | URL for Meatspace Chat app |
| meatspacechat_port | 3000 | TCP port for Meatspace Chat app |
| meatspacechat_secret | "" | Meatspace Chat session secret |
| meatspacechat_node_version | 0.10.26 | Preferred Node.js version |
| meatspacechat_node_packages | list | List of Node.js dependency packages to install |
| meatspacechat_os_packages | list | List of OS dependency packages to install |
| meatspacechat_repo | github.com/meatspaces/meatspacechat.git | Meatspace Chat GitHub repository |
| meatspacechat_nvm_repo | github.com/creationix/nvm.git | Node Version Manager Github repository |
| meatspacechat_zeromq_pkg | zeromq-4.0.4 | ØMQ source package URL |

The following Node.js dependency packages are defined in
`meatspacechat_global_node_packages` and installed globally into the Node.js
environment:

* bower
* nodemon

The following OS dependency packages are defined in
`meatspacechat_os_packages` and installed by default:

* build-essential
* curl
* git-core
* libssl-dev
* redis-server
* uuid-dev
* uuid
* zsh

Most of these packages are required with the exception of `curl` and `zsh`.

### Variables

| Name           | Default Value | Description                        |
| -------------- | ------------- | -----------------------------------|
| meatspacechat_admin    | vagrant       | OS user account of Meatspace Chat owner
| meatspacechat_nvm_dir  | /home/{{ meatspacechat_admin }}/nvm | Directory for Node Version Manager (nvm) installation |
| meatspacechat_node_dir | {{ meatspacechat_nvm_dir }}/v{{ meatspacechat_node_version }}/bin | Directory for Node.js installation
| meatspacechat_dir | /home/{{ meatspacechat_admin }}/meatspacechat | The Meatspace Chat root directory

## Configuration

At a minimum, modify the variables defined in the following files as
necessary:

* `defaults/main.yml`
* `vars/main.yml`

Copy `hosts.example` to `hosts` and edit it to update the values for your
Meatspace Chat host. Be sure to change the following values:

* `0.0.0.0`
* `ubuntu`
* `~/.ssh/meatspacechat_id`

## Example Playbook

After configuration a basic Meatspace Chat installation and activation is possible
using the included `site.yml` playbook. You should copy `site.yml.example`
to `site.yml`, edit it and modify the `meatspacechat_twitter_key` and
`meatspacechat_twitter_secret` variables passed to the role.

**NOTE**: Do not commit `site.yml` to Github; the included `.gitignore`
should ignore it.

```
ansible-playbook -i hosts site.yml
```

## Vagrant

See the README_VAGRANT.md for instructions on using this role with Mac OS X
and Vagrant or just:

```
vagrant up
```

from within the role.

## Dependencies

None

## License

Apache 2

## Author Information

[Brian Shumate](http://brianshumate.com)
